[log-shipper] log transformations (#18685)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/460-log-shipper/docs/EXAMPLES.md

## Log transformations

> On a `ClusterLogDestination`, you can chain transformations in order. Supported actions are `ParseMessage`, `ReplaceKeys`, `ReplaceValue`, `AddLabels`, and `DropLabels`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a ClusterLogDestination resource, you can chain transformations in order. The following actions are supported: `ParseMessage`, `ReplaceKeys`, `ReplaceValue`, `AddLabels`, and `DropLabels`.
```
